http://www.solitairecity.com/Help/Klondike.shtml

Stock (downturned)

Waste Pile (upturned)

Klondike Rules

As each Ace becomes available it may be transferred to a row above the tableau to start one 
of the four foundations. The foundations are built up in ascending suit sequence to the King. 
The exposed card of a tableau column may be transferred to a foundation of the same suit if 
it follows the ascending sequence or to the exposed card of another column if it forms a 
descending sequence of alternating colours, e.g. 6 on 7 or Q on K. A complete packed column 
of face up cards may also be transferred to the exposed card of another tableau column if the 
join follows the same descending sequence of alternating colours. If the movement of a tableau 
card exposes a face down card, then it is turned face up. When a tableau column is completely 
cleared out, the space may only be filled by a King or a packed column headed by a King. When 
no more moves are available from the tableau, the top three cards from the stock are dealt 
face up, without upsetting their order, to a single waste pile. The top exposed card of the 
waste pile is always available for play to the foundations or tableau. When the stock has been 
exhausted, the waste pile is picked up and turned over to form a new stock and the game continues. 
This procedure is continued until the game eventually blocks or is won. A variation of the game 
allows a single card to be dealt to the waste pile instead of three. There is usually a limit to 
the number of times the waste pile can be re-used to prevent the game coming out too often.


https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Klondike_(solitaire)

Rules

Klondike is played with a standard 52-card deck, without Jokers. 
After shuffling, seven piles of cards are laid from left to right. 
Each pile begins with one upturned card. 
From left to right, each pile contains one more card than the last. 
The first and left-most pile contains a single upturned card, the second pile contains two cards (one downturned, one upturned),
 the third contains three (two downturned, one upturned), and so on, until the seventh pile which contains seven cards 
 (six downturned, one upturned). 
The piles should look like the figure to the right at the beginning of every game.

The four foundations (light rectangles in the upper right of the figure) are built up by suit from Ace (low in this game) to King,
 and the tableau piles can be built down by alternate colors, and partial or complete piles can be moved 
 if they are built down by alternate colors also. 
Any empty piles can be filled with a King or a pile of cards with a King. 

The aim of the game is to build up a stack of cards starting with two and ending with King, all of the same suit. 
Once this is accomplished, the goal is to move this to a foundation, where the player has previously placed the Ace of that suit.
Once the player has done this, they will have "finished" that suit, the goal being to finish all suits, at which time the player
 would have won. 
 
There are different ways of dealing the remainder of the deck:

-Turning only one card at a time, but placing no limit on passes through the deck.

-??Turning three cards at once to the waste with no limit on passes through the deck, but allowing the player to switch once to a single pass through the deck one card at a time; after that single pass, however, the player cannot go back to turning three cards at a time and can turn over no more cards from the waste.